1 ANNOUNCE
**********

This is version 0.26.1 of the GNUstep GUI library ('gnustep-gui').

1.1 What is the GNUstep GUI Library?
====================================

It is a library of graphical user interface classes written completely
in the Objective-C language; the classes are based upon Apple's Cocoa
framework.  The library has been enhanced in a number of ways to take
advantage of the GNU system.  These classes include graphical objects
such as buttons, text fields, popup lists, browser lists, and windows;
there are also many associated classes for handling events, colors,
fonts, pasteboards and images.

   The GNUstep GUI Library is designed in two parts.  The first part is
the front-end component which is independent of platform and display
system.  This front-end is combined with a back-end component which
handles all of the display system dependent such as specific calls to
X/Windows.  This design allows the GNUstep applications to have the
"look and feel" of the underlying display system without any changes to
the application, and the library can be easily ported to other display
systems.

   The GNUstep GUI Library requires the GNU Objective-C compiler, the
GNUstep Base Library, the TIFF Graphics library, Independent JPEG
Group's libjpeg library, and a back-end component from the GNUstep
'Back' library.

   Additional functionality may be enabled by installing additional
libraries.  For example, to build the Cairo backend in the GNUstep Back
library, you will need to install Cairo.

1.2 Noteworthy changes in version '0.26.1'

This version is released to conincide with version 1.25.1 of
gnustep-base, which contains changes required for this version of
gnustep-gui and gnustep-back.

   There are no other changes.

1.3 Noteworthy changes in version '0.26.0'
==========================================

This version is released to conincide with version 1.25.1 of
gnustep-base, which contains changes required for this version of
gnustep-gui and gnustep-back.

   It includes an important workaround for users of GNUstep Objective-C
Runtime (libobjc2) and non-fragile ABI to avoid a bug in interaction
between the clang compiler and the runtime when non-fragile ABI is in
use.  Specifically, Clang and the runtime may disagree on what is the
offset of an ivar in a class's RAM. This manifested in a crash at
application startup due to misalignment of _gcontext inside NSThread.
See the mailing list discussion
(http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/discuss-gnustep/2017-12/msg00129.html)
for more information.

   It also contains the following changes:

   * tests: Cleanup of warnings.
   * tests: Fix text system deallocation test.
   * printing: Undefine __BLOCKS__ before including cups.h, as some
     versions of the header expect that libdispatch is present and used
     if __BLOCKS__ is defined.
   * graphics context: Workaround for Clang+libobjc2+nonfragile ABI
     issue.

1.4 Where can you get it? How can you compile it?
=================================================

The gnustep-gui-0.26.1.tar.gz distribution file has been placed at
<ftp://ftp.gnustep.org/pub/gnustep/core>.

   It is accompanied by gnustep-back-0.26.1.tar.gz.sig, a PGP signature
which you can validate by putting both files in the same directory and
using:

     gpg --verify gnustep-gui-0.26.1.tar.gz.sig

   Signature has been created using the key with the following
fingerprint:

     83AA E47C E829 A414 6EF8  3420 CA86 8D4C 9914 9679

   Read the INSTALL file or the GNUstep-HOWTO for installation
instructions.

1.5 Where do I send bug reports?
================================

Please log bug reports on the GNUstep project page
<http://savannah.gnu.org/bugs/?group=gnustep> or send bug reports to
<bug-gnustep@gnu.org>.

1.6 Obtaining GNU Software
==========================

Check out the GNUstep web site.  (<http://www.gnustep.org/>), and the
GNU web site.  (<http://www.gnu.org/>)

